The Joe Rogan experience. This is a lot of it is this right?
So people are feeling a certain way and they're not,
they're not feeling like this girl that wrote all lives matter.
Do you think that was her clandestine way of showing that she's all about white
pride? You know what I mean? Now she was thinking, Hey, everyone matters.
She's probably having some nice thoughts. Right. You know,
she's but then all of a sudden, no, this chick is evil right. For doing this.
And I think there's a lot of that.
I think there's a lot of people that I think most people are pretty sane.
I think most people are pretty reasonable. I think, you know,
anybody looking at at the George Floyd case is like, yeah,
that's completely wrong. That's disgusting. It's horrible. Tane is to watch.
I haven't heard anyone say anything other than that.
So how are we just getting so completely divided on this whole
thing and start attacking people, start attacking each other just over, over.
Absolutely. That's a good point.
Because this is literally a case where no one is saying,
there's nothing wrong with that. Cop did no one, no one zero people,
zero people, but yet everybody's still at each other's throats.
Zero people have, have stuck up for that guy in any way.
Even law enforcement, no law enforcement people saying, you got to understand,
this is how you control a man.
You got to lean on his neck for about eight minutes, 40, 40, 45 seconds.
46 seconds. No one say. And.
Unfortunately what? You know what, w you know what they're saying?
They're saying defund, the police, they're saying no more choke holds.
Right. Which I think is crazy. It's crazy. Yeah.
If you want to get someone to be under control and you can't choke them,
you know what you have to do.
You have to hit them in the head with a Baton seven times,
and you got a risk given and brain damage permanently injuring them.
If people know what they're doing. I mean,
obviously if people know what they're doing, oh, we'll put a choke on,
but they'll wake up. They'll be cuffed. We're all good.
Yeah. Obviously, but you know,
it's the people that are doing it wrong is the problem.
The people that shouldn't be doing in the first place, it's untrained people.
But if you're, if you're a,
you're a cop and you're in a fight for your life and you can't use choke holds,
that's crazy insane. You're going to get shot and killed,
or somebody else is going to get shot and killed.
Someone's going to take your gun. Yep.
And, and the, the idea of defund the police and I, I, I understand the premise.
Okay. And this is once again,
where many people that say defund the police, they don't mean, Hey,
just get rid of police. Of course, there's a,
there's a fraction of people that are saying defund.
The police means we don't want any more police anymore.
There's a portion of people saying that there's some people that are saying,
well, if we defined the police, we can relocate some of that money.
And we can do, you know, better schools.
And we can put money into the infrastructure inside these neighborhoods.
But here's the problem. You know what? The police need more than anything else.
They need money for training. And the way the police are set up,
they do the most ridiculously minuscule amount of
training for what their job is. So, as you know, I was in the seal teams.
We train for 18 months, 18 months,
we were trained to go on a six month deployment cops. They train,
they get like two hours or four hours of combatives
training.
A year, a year.
That that's, that's complete insanity in sound. It's complete. And sanity,
the thing I've been saying is cops should train one fifth of the
time. One fifth of the time, you should be training.
Whether it's two hours a day, four times a week,
or whether it's one day a week where you're going to go,
and you're going to go through scenarios, you're going to do combatives.
You're going to work with simunition.
You're going to do deescalation drills because it's really hard. I mean,
being a cop is I think is the hardest job in the world. And by the way,
they're not gonna have to worry about defending the police because no,
one's going to want to be a cop anymore.
Who is going to be fired up to be a cop right now, who's going to think,
you know what? When I grow up, I want to be hated by entire,
you know, by a massive portion of the country.
I want to be viewed as someone that's, uh, that kills innocent people.
Th th th the recruiting in cop for, for police is going to go down so hard.
It's going to be ridiculous. It's going to be ridiculous.
And then who you getting there?
You're going to get people that are worse level people,
worse level humans are going to show up to be cops. So the training piece,
they should do very, very scenario driven training, right?
Where you come into a room and this isn't like super expensive stuff.
Either you come into a room, there's a person there.
They appear to be compliant. You ask you, you learn how to talk to them.
You very quickly learn that. Instead of yelling them out of the,
out of the gate, you say, Hey, man, what's going on? Hey, what's your name?
You know, what's going on? Or we got a call. Here is everything okay?
You just immediately deescalate. Then you learn what to do when they're not,
when they don't respond the way you want them to respond,
then you learn what to do when they start to do something drastic.
What's the best thing for you. And you play through these scenarios.
It's just like jujitsu in the fact that what makes you did so good,
what makes you just, you're good.
As we can go hard against each other over and over again,
and not really get hurt, not really get killed. So you get really good at it.
That's what you need to do in training for police.
You need to go through these tough scenarios over and over again.
Cause you do get better at it. You do get better at it. You become,
you learn how to mentally detach and not get emotional and realize that there's
other things that are happening when you see them. The George Ford case,
uh, a couple of other cops too.
I think two of the other guys were complete rookies, right?
They'd been on the force for a very short period of time.
No one in that group of four, obviously you got the killer himself.
He's, he's actually conducting the act,
but all the other guys are not paying attention. They're,
they're all emotional themselves. Hey, stay back. And,
and they're probably watching him saying, what's the why isn't that guy moving?
And they're just caught up in it.
Whereas if someone would have showed up on the scene or one of those guys had
been through some good training in their life, they would have said,
what's happening here.
Hold on my partner over there has been on this guy for two minutes.
He's not moving anymore. I'm going to walk over and say, Hey man,
let me take over. I got this D go over there to decompress. This takes training.
You have to train people. And I got,
I saw this over and over again in the seal teams training guys,
you get a young kid.
That's coming through training for the first time and they go into a room and
they're getting shot with simunition bullets or there's someone yelling and
screaming or that we'd put, we'd put Arabic women come and walking out of rooms.
We'd have people get blown up with wounds.
We would do this to them over and over again. So they realize, okay,
I can just got to relax. I got to take a step back.
I got to detach from this situation so I can process what's happening.
And I can make a good decision. Because as I said earlier,
no one is making a good decision. When they're panicked,
when they're freaked out, when they're scared as a jiu-jitsu guy,
when someone puts hands on you, you're not actually scared. Right? They're like,
oh, okay. I know what to do here. If you don't know jujitsu,
if you've never had someone grab you before,
or you haven't had someone grab you in 17 months or
14 months, no, one's laid hands on you. Cause you got a badge and a gun.
So people, when you tell them to do something 95% of the time they go, okay.
Yeah, I don't want to get in trouble. But then somebody grabs you.
You're instantly you're your emotions are spiked. Your adrenaline spiked.
And the only way to overcome that is through consistent training.
That that happens on a regular basis. You can't just train somebody one time.
It's like ring rust. You know, you can't just train somebody one time and oh,
now I don't need a train anymore. No, you need to do continuous training.
So that fact right there, we,
if we want to re if we want to help the police through these situations,
we need to invest more money into them. We need to get them better training.
We need to pull them out of the field to train
and pull them out of the field to decompress because
you ever done a ride along. No like you, whether you, you doing a ride along,
whether you're going into any situation where you're thinking you could be
killed. And even if it's just a remote chance,
but you're doing that all the time, all the time. And you're hearing,
you're seeing on the news you're oh, you're hear this. Oh, your buddy got shot.
Your buddy got whatever this other guy got, you know, take his gun taken away.
Like that stuff happens. That stuff happens. People get killed. I mean,
there's been,
I think there's been 31 cops killed this year.
31 cops killed this year. And uh, a lot of those, well,
that's not including, you know, like a car accident or COVID,
there's been a bunch of either COVID but just people that have been engaged with
guys and they got killed. So you're a cop. When another cop gets killed,
you're thinking that could be you. So that's your mindset.
And that mindset builds in that mindset builds. And you're working 10 hour days,
and you're working 12 hour days, and there's no training and there's no breaks.
Where do you end up? Right? Where do you end up?
You end up being a little bit paranoid. You end up being a little bit angry.
What happens when you get into a fight with your wife? You know,
it's like all these things, you add them together. It's a freaking hard job.
And from a, from a, like an entire
systemic way of training and recruiting and,
and keeping police ready to do their job,
whatever that job entails because let's face it.
Most of the time that in job entails, well, I guess most of the time it entails,
Hey, I'm going to go have a bad,
I'm about to go have a bad relationship with another human being.
That's what's about to happen, right? Whether I'm pulling you over, whether I'm,
I've been called to your house because you were yelling and screaming and people
heard your wife screaming or whatever, that's, what's happening.
I'm showing up in a bad relationship.
You don't like me and I already don't like you. That's where we start.
That's where we start. So we've got to train people for that.
We also got to train them for all the times that they go into help people save
people that the first people on the scene at car accidents,
people are bleeding out. We got to train them for that.
And then they have to also be trained for, Hey, this is a bad guy.
That's going to, this is the guy that you just talked about at a gas station,
with a weapon that wants to kill a bunch of people.
You gotta be prepared for that whole spectrum as a police officer.
And yet we send them to a three month long police academy and then we send them
out in the street. And that's what they do day in, day out, day in, day out.
It seems to me that they need to be vetted too much better than they are now.
Just like the seals like you can't get through buds,
unless you are a superior human being.
You have to be able to tolerate a bunch of that most people are going to fall
apart during. And this is, this seems to me,
that is a great way to weed out people that just don't
have it.
Yeah. There's one thing that's interesting,
just from a physical perspective,
most police departments don't even have a minimum physical requirement to
continue to be on the forest.
You have to be at a certain level to graduate from the academy,
but oftentimes there's no standard beyond that. Yeah.
I've seen cops before the real, like, this is hilarious.
Like what is going to stop someone from closing the distance on you? Like you,
you ain't getting to that gun. Yep.
But the mental aspect is stuff that you can get better at.
Yes, you can get better at it, but you only get better at it through training.
Right. And you only get really comfortable through training a lot.
And yet we put these people in these horrible positions over and over and over
again. And we get, we don't give them the proper training. And.
Now there's this politicians that because of the current social climate,
they're encouraged to want to defund the police.
That's a great way for them to get brownie points from their
constituents. The people want the police to funded,
which is why it's the dumbest idea I've ever heard in my life. It's,
it's so crazy that this is actually gaining steam to the point where in
Minneapolis, because they're trying to quiet down the mob.
They've actually gone ahead and done it.
What the is Minneapolis going to look like in a year from now?
It's going to look like mad max. I mean, it's be crazy. That's.
Going to be, it's going to be crazy. It's going to be, uh, you know,
criminals will go there to commit crimes. If there's no,
if there's no police there, are you crazy? By the way, it's Jocko energy.
Drinkers, the that's very legit. Right?
Um, yeah.
I just don't understand where they think this game ends and I don't think
they've planned it out. They're not playing chess. The, the other.
The other thing that you, you know,
you're talking about this brownie points for the politicians and,
and there's brownie points and there's people trying to
create sides. It's my side versus your side.
And that's a completely political thing. Right?
And all that does is increase the divide between
the police and the civilians. And,
and this reminds me a lot of, of a counterinsurgency, right?
So counter-insurgency the insurgents are, you know,
bad guys inside of a country. The country's not bad.
There's some bad guys in the country.
So what you have to do is you actually have to go out and build relationships
with the good people inside that country so that the good people
inside that country can help you get rid of the bad people.
What happens if you go out and this, so this is Ramadi Iraq.
This was about my last deployment to Iraq.
There's a bunch of just totally normal, good people,
Iraqi people that are living in the city of Ramadi,
what do they want to do? You know, what they want to do?
They want to send their kids to school. They want to run their little market.
They want to do whatever that, whatever is that they do.
That's what they want to do. They have the same goal as a normal family.
They're just a normal bunch of people. And inside that group of people,
there's a bunch of bad people. And these are insurgents.
Some of them are foreign fighters.
Some of them are foreign regime elements from Saddam, but they're bad.
And they want to create chaos and mayhem. So Americans, we go in there.
If we go in they're super heavy handed.
And while I go to capture or kill one bad guy,
I kill or maim, a couple of those normal civilians,
what happens? Well, a couple of those normal civilians, family go, wait,
you guys, aren't good. You guys are bad.
You guys just killed my brother and he didn't do anything wrong.
And then we do it again. And then we do it again. And then we do it again.
And each time that we do this,
where we're creating more animosity from the local populace, who, by the way,
like I said, they're just not good normal people.
So what we had to do is really focus on going out and
building relationships with the local populace. How do we do that?
And one of the things I, this, this happened after I left,
but you remember the surge that took place and they sent a bunch more troops
over there.
Part of the reason that they sent that surge and part of the reason that that
was allowed to happen was because the battle of Ramadi,
where I fought went very well. And since it went well, people said, well, maybe,
maybe we can pull this off. So they sent more troops.
And one of the directives that general portray us gave
is he said, there can be no more drive by counterinsurgency.
And what he meant by that was when you go to a neighborhood,
you can't just drive through the neighborhood in your home V in your Bulletproof
Humvee with your windows up, drive through show of force, and then leave that,
that doesn't work. What you have to do is stop your vehicles.
You have to get out, you have to talk to the local population.
You have to ask them what's going on.
You have to ask them if they need anything,
you have to build relationships with the local populace,
the good local populace that just wants those insurgents out of there.
And that's what I don't see happening.
And the more we increase this divide between the police and the civilians,
the worst that's going to get.
And so the police have to start doing a better job of outreach of, Hey,
w you know, I asked you if you did a ride along,
they should be offering ride alongs all the time until the total local kids,
17 year old kids, 15 year old kids, Hey, come and see what my job is like,
come and help me out that 15 year old kid, he knows who the bad actors are.
He knows who the good kids are. You know, bring that kid along on a ride along,
let him see what it looks like from your angle. Get out, meet the parents,
meet the families.
That's where we're failing to build relationships between the
police and the civilians.
And that causes that that causes these problems.
I think you're a hundred percent correct,
but I don't hear anybody repeating what you're saying. That's,
what's terrifying to me. I think everything you're saying is logical.
It makes sense. It comes from experience. I don't hear anybody saying this.
Yeah. Yeah. And well,
I think maybe it's because people just don't recognize what's happening.
Cause they're too in it. Right. They're too in it. They're,
they're wrapped up in it. And, and, and that's another part, you know,
I talked about recruiting, who you recruiting, recruit those kids,
recruit those kids,
but you have to build a relationship with them before you can add before
anyone's going to go into the police and look the, I think it's the,
I think at the LA police department,
if you look at the LA police department compared to the racial makeup of LA,
they they're pretty equivalent and they're pretty equivalent on purpose.
They do that for a reason. So you got to get that.
You got to continue to build that,
those relationships so that we talk to one another, you know,
we actually communicate with each other because anytime, you know,
I'm allowed to sit over here in my area and you're sitting there in your area,
we're building animosity. We build that kind of animosity between each other.
And now the littlest thing, the littlest thing, I mean,
there was a woman that was killed in Minneapolis, like two, three years ago.
Do you remember this one? Yes. Female
instructor called the police. The police called police to report a disturbance.
Police showed up and there's no video, no footage. She gets killed by the cops.
She gets killed by the cops. It's insane that th that these things happen.
But we also have to remember what, like I said,
what is a police officer thinking about and what kind of training and we give
them and what kind of psychological screening to your point,
what kind of strike? And it's not just one time psychological screen screening,
because guess what? People get burnt out.
And it happens at different times to different people.
You take 35 guys in combat.
I've got some guys at the end of a six month deployment there.
You know what they're telling me, can I stay longer? I'm doing fine.
You get one month into that deployment.
And you've got other guys that are saying, Hey,
do you need anyone to head home early? Right? That happens.
So you think in a police force of a thousand people or whatever size your police
forces, you're going to have some people that are steady, mentally stable.
They can deal with it. They can,
they can get be an officer involved shooting today and tomorrow they can go back
to their job and be perfectly fine.
There's other people they can never work again.
After they're in an officer involved shooting,
what kind of investment are we making into this psychological health
of police and look, uh,
I hope it doesn't sound like I'm sitting here just putting it all on the police
because every three one is playing a role in this.
And one of the things that you need to get as well as
how to get arrested, right?
It should be a public service course on how you should get arrested.
This is what you should do. If the cops are pulling you over.
If the cops ask you, if the cops approach you about something,
here's what you should think. One of the things you should think is, okay,
this cop may not be bad. This cop may be looking out for my welfare right now.
That's a great hopeful thought.
The other thing that you have to think is kind of worst case scenario.
This cop might be agitated.
This cop might be looking for somebody that fits my description. This cop,
my buddy just been in a fight with his wife. He might've just lost a partner.
There's a million bad things. Use that scenario in your head.
Use that scenario in your head to, to,
to contemplate how you're going to interact with a police officer, which is,
you know what they're looking at. They're looking at your hands. You know why?
Because that's where the threat comes from. The threat comes from your hand.
So when you're making quick movement with your hands, don't do that.
Listen to what they say, move, move slowly. When you move,
this should be public service. The police should be putting out, Hey,
if you interact with the police, we hate to have to say this.
But since our police sometimes are in bad situations,
here's some things we recommend and we highly suggest, and we beg,
we beg that you do this. We beg because what happens to these cops?
When they kill somebody, what happens to them?
Their lives are totally destroyed. Well, that.
Was the thing about that guy in Minneapolis. He'd already killed people.
He'd already been involved. And I think it's at least two shootings.
And he had more than a dozen complaints against him. Yeah,
not good. I mean, it's obvious by the end, by the end result,
that's the type of guy he was,
it's pretty obvious by the fact that he was able to do that to a man.
The guy's literally calling out to his dead mother. You know?
I mean the, the,
the type of man that can stay on someone's neck while they're doing that,
when all that guy did was have a counterfeit $20 bill, that's it?
This is where, when you talk about psychological screening and that,
that's why I'm saying it has to be,
it has to be constant because people, people change.
Right. And red flags, I mean, w w like you said, hindsight's 20,
20, we're looking at this case now we're going, oh, who the hell?
Lets this guy continue to police. And by the way, interestingly enough,
if you talk to internal affairs at police departments,
the vast majority of the complaints that they get about other about police are
from police. So they comply, they report each other. That's little known fact.
Most of the, most of the reports don't come from the civilians out there saying,
Hey, this happened, or that happened most of the time. It's cops saying, Hey,
this guy was out of line here.
Well, that's, that's a good sign. This, it just,
it doesn't look rosy when I'm looking at the future. I don't,
I don't see a way during this climate.
Well, what.
What scares me the most is I don't see a way if we don't talk to
each other, that that's where there's no solution. Because, you know,
look for every 10 viral video that you see of a,
of a cop hitting somebody with a Baton or a rider,
throwing something through a window for every 10 of those viral videos.
There's another viral video that has, you know, the guy with the free hugs.
T-shirt on, that's out talking to the cops and saying, Hey, you know, I get it.
And they're communicating with each other and talking,
and when you communicate with it, it's just like a hostage rescue,
basic technique. You want to humanize,
you want to humanize instead of de-humanized.
And right now we're just dehumanizing each other completely.
And that's what scares me more than anything else is if we can't talk to each
other, because look,
you take the most hardened soldier in war. Some, you know,
some bad-ass soldier, that's done four deployments, six deployments, whatever.
And you put them into a room with a kid and a mom on Iraqi kid and her mom or an
Afghan kid and mom, and you put them in that room and say, Hey,
sit here for 15 minutes and find out what they're about.
Here's an interpreter that, that guy's going to come out of there going, yeah,
I get where they're coming from. And same thing, vice.
You take a hardened jihadist and you say, Hey,
talk to this guy over here about what he's trying to do inside your country.
But just, just,
just talk to him when you open up the communications and are you going to get
some extremists on both ends? Yes, you will.
So maybe I shouldn't have said the most hardened a soldier in the most hardened
cause you know what?
The most hardened soldier becomes a killer becomes a killer that, that happens,
happens all the time. You know, I, I, I shouldn't say it happens all the time.
It happens from time to time. That's how you get the me lie massacre.
It happens that the whole, most hardened jihadist,
they're not going to change their mind. They're not going to come to any,
any rose colored view of America,
but barring those total extremes, you've got people,
you've got a few other human beings.
And if you can get them to talk to each other, they can find consensus.
They can find common ground, but if they're not talking to each other,
then we don't move it, make any progress.
And what to your whole kind of point about what's happening right now,
there's less and less communication between people open communication.
Because if you, if you talk to, uh, someone and they say, the cops did this,
this and this, and you say, oh, okay, explain to me what happened.
Tell me what went down. And then you say, Hey,
let me tell you what it's like for B, for a cop, being a cop. When he sees that,
when he sees something going on, you know,
how many domestic violence cases happen and the person shows
up and they're, they're getting assaulted by both parties.
So maybe that's what you're this cop was thinking when he showed up and
saw your mom in this situation and did this to your dad, right?
Th like this is real conversations, but we don't, we don't have them.
And not only we don't have them, it seems like,
it seems like there's forces that are actively trying to prevent us from talking
to each other from sitting down at a table and saying, Hey man, what,
tell me what's going on. Yeah. Who wants,
who wants the country to be divided?
It's the people that you're talking about earlier that, that,
how do they score points? How do I score points with this group?
How do I score points with the other group? It's by making,
making everything as divisive as possible. It's, it's, it's horrible to watch,
man. It's sickening to watch.
I was reading a whole series of tweets where there's a journalist that was
talking about how, um,
cops shooting black men is a real problem.
But another real problem that's not being discussed by this black lives matter
group is black on black crime.
And how do we stop all the murders that are taking place in Chicago? And this,
this is something that should be discussed. And this guy was getting attacked.
And one of the, one of the, uh,
another journalist is literally tweeting at him saying,
you have been told not to discuss this,
but yet he ignores the, the, these that, that,
that he should not discuss is a very real issue that
as if somehow or another bringing up another issue,
that is also a problem diminishes the original issue of this guy getting killed
by cops. Which of course it doesn't. Yeah, but this,
the idea is that there's problems. There's real problems.
It's not just the cops killing these people. There's there's look,
the cop killed this guy in Minneapolis. He didn't do anything in Seattle.
How the did that happen in Seattle? Well,
it happened in Seattle because of this reactionary world where,
where one person does something somewhere, it gets through social media,
it gets through the mainstream media. It becomes this,
this huge inflammatory subject. And then the next thing you know,
windows are getting smashed. Things are getting lit on.
Fire cars are getting turned over, blocks are getting taken.
And that's where we find ourselves.
I think it was May 29th. There was a cop killed.
I want to say in Texas.
And he was killed when they rolled into a scene, they got, they got a call, Hey,
suspicious person running through the neighborhood. They roll up on the scene.
They start a couple of a few cops are now searching for this guy and they
see a building with an open door. They go, okay,
let's maybe he's in there. Let's go clear this building with an open door.
They go in this building with an open door there, shots fired.
One of the cops killed one of the other cops. So just, you know,
friendly fire death
that right there, if you,
if you take that and you just extrapolate that over how hard it is to be a
police officer,
that you can be going into a building and you shoot a one of your friends
because you think they're bad.
That is a real problem. That's how hard this job is.
My point is, that's how hard this job is.
But we.
Have to do a better job of explaining that we have to do a better job of
explaining how hard this job is. As far as the, uh, Hey,
don't talk about black on black violence. I was trying to,
I was talking with my podcast borough, echo, Charles,
who's a black guy, and we were talking about that. And I said, you know,
I think it might have a little bit to do with this if you are,
if you're watching UFC and there's two guys that are fighting and
the round ends, like just, just at the end of the round,
all of a sudden the referee comes in and like punches. One of the,
like just, just more Ty kicks a guy in the head and knocks him out.
Everyone will be completely utterly outraged about this because of course
that guy wasn't in the game. What the what's that guy doing? Right.
So I think there's a little bit of that. That's that's the,
the referee is supposed to not do that.
And when you see a cop, the thought is, Hey,
that guy's like that guy's a viewed as a referee that guy's not
supposed to be doing this. So I think that is kind of where some of that, that,
that outrage comes from, because this is a cop.
This isn't supposed to be happening here. This guy has no,
not supposed to be killing people. Right. And he did.
This also that the cop is just a person who has this extraordinary
power. Yes. Extraordinary responsibility to right.
What's terrifying to me is that w w when I'm looking at this idea to defund the
police, and then, uh, I'm thinking like, what are these,
what are these neighborhoods look like? If you wind up doing that,
and then how do you get back out of that? W what do you do refund the police.
Do you do ramp it up and do it better next time? I mean,
this is a long process. You're looking at a lot of trial and error here over,
you know, perhaps multiple years before they figure out what, what they up.
Yeah. And I know there's some, there's some city,
I think it's in New Jersey that Camden, yes. That completely disband,
dismantled their police. But then they rebuilt a new police department. And,
and I actually get that, like,
you could get a department that was so completely and utterly corrupt that you
said, you know what? We're getting rid of all of them.
Did you ever see cocaine, Cowboys? No great documentary.
But one of the things it talks about is the corruption during the cocaine era of
the eighties,
where the entire graduating police force the entire from the police academy,
the entire graduating year,
everyone was either murdered or went to jail for corruption.
Everyone, the.
Entire graduating class. That's how bad it was. Yeah.
So if you have that kind of view of that kind of problem, you might get,
you might want to dismantle that police force, you know,
what happens in the seal team? Sometimes, sometimes there's a platoon.
That's so bad that they just, they just dismantled the whole platoon.
How often does that? Very rarely, but it does happen.
Really. Yup. And what causes something like that usually they're, well.
The problem is bad leadership. It's always bad leadership.
Cause you can take a bunch of knuckleheads and you give them a good leader and
they'll do, they'll do fine. So it's always comes down to the leadership.
So sometimes they'll replace a leader, but if the,
and usually when they replace a leader, you'll watch,
the platoon will turn around almost instantly because someone steps in and says,
all right, here's what we're doing. Here's how we're doing it. And they,
they make that change.
But sometimes you have just like a bad platoon and they say,
you know what? You guys are done. Okay.